rack of deer: one, two, three, four, five, six, seven,
eight bone you can see how tender this
is suitable for dry heat method as a whole or
breaking it down into two bone chops would be
one portion beautiful flavor super rich color
and I'm just going to turn it over to show you
the bone structure so the bones do have a curve so
when you're cutting to make a portion whether it's
two bone or a single chop you want to stick as close as possible
and then the same with the next so I'm going to
demonstrate a two bone chop and when I'm doing
this I will position it kind of like for you to
see it this is very similar to a rack of lamb from
lamb week that you french so we could clean these
up a bit more but they look good so following
the bone all the way down gives
us a nice beautiful double chop
with a huge eye again following the bone
when you get down there's a little jog
a little curve and here's another one
following the bone
and so we end up with
eight bones but four portions of double rack